you know
Naomie mark oh my god Thank You Paris
tell him it's Kirsten Dunst I just think
we wanted to be a part of like the
lifestyle the lifestyle then everybody
kind of wants Paris Hilton's hosting a
party in Vegas tonight
why does she live do you think we could
find a way in I don't know
well most go to Paris's I want to rob we
had so many beautiful things I hear
helicopters we're in LA don't be such a
little you're stressing me out
police are investigating the connection
of the Hollywood Hills burglaries
America has this sick fascination with a
Bonnie and Clyde kind of thing it all
comes back to like bad choices who you
have as your friend can't take your dog
but it likes me
I'm a firm believer in karma and I
thinks the situation is a huge learning
lesson for me to grow and expand as a
spiritual human being I want to lead a
country one day for all
did he speak to any of the victims I've
spoken all with me
really what did Lindsay say